updated intro (#1131)
minvws/nl-kat-coordination: docs/source/introduction/intro.rst

Where is the software located?
==============================

> OpenKAT consists of separate modules that each perform a specific task. All modules are located in the `NL-KAT-Coordination <https://github.com/minvws/nl-kat-coordination>`_ repository. The `Modules of OpenKAT <https://docs.openkat.nl/modules/index.html>`_ section of the documentation goes into detail on each of these modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenKAT consists of separate modules that each perform a specific task. All modules are located in the `NL-KAT-Coordination <https://github.com/minvws/nl-kat-coordination>`_ repository. The :ref:`Modules of OpenKAT<modules>` section of the documentation goes into detail on each of these modules.
```
